NOte: all functions that create objects normally should have first letter also capital.

1)create a human object. human object has 4 properties: planet: earth, breathes: air, eyes:2, showDetails function property. 
This will show all properties of human.
create using normal object way we learned before.No need to create using function.
Then create a developer object with properties name:"some developer",workinghours: 9, drinks: cola, sleeps:'rarely', 
showWorkingHours which will print the working hours.
You will create it using a function approach.
Next you will inherit the human object using prototype. 
create a button named "show human properties". ths will call showDetails function. 
one more button "show developer name": this will show the developer name in a div. 
one button "working hours". this will show working hours in a div box.

2) create a function calculator. 
this will add 2 variables a and b defined as properties of object. 
you will create 4 functions add, divide,multiply,subtract. 
so the function should be like 
function Calculator(a,b){
	this.a = a;
	this.b = b;
	//add functions below
}
now create an object with a = 4, b = 5;
whenever you want to do a calculation you will create an object and pass the values a and b. then you can do add, divide,multiply later on. 
create button add, subtract,multiply,divide .on clicking button, show result in a div.

3)create object same like above. just one difference. this time create 2 input boxes that will take the value of a and b. 
then you will click the button "Create object". this will create object with values of a and b that you entered in the input boxes. 
then you will have same 4 buttons like above to add, subtract, multiply and divide. 

4)create a function ScientificCalculator.
again you input degree value to the function. 
you can input the degree value 0.6( this is radian not degrees)
but this time i want you to find sin,cost,tan,cot  which are funcitons inside the ScientificCalculator funciton.
create 4 buttons sin,cos,tan,cot. when you click on buttons, alert the result

5) for same example above create a input box that will take the degree value and repeat same example as above.